Feat/extend api metadata (#6)
instride-ch/pimcore-monitor: docs/00-installation-configuration.md

        # Default health report API endpoint to send data to.
        default_endpoint: 'https://health.example.com/report'

>         # Environment description for the instance (e.g. "Production", "Staging", "Development"). 
>         instance_environment: 'Production'

Reviewer: I would use lower case and shortened keywords as example values.
```suggestion
        # Environment description for the instance (e.g. "prod", "test", "dev"). 
        instance_environment: 'prod'
```
